Added the getting started guide (#1715)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-quick-start/white-label-getting-started.md

{{< highlight yaml "style=paraiso-dark">}}
publishing:
  google_play:
    credentials: $GCLOUD_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CREDENTIALS
    track: <your-track>
{{< /highlight >}}
{{<markdown>}}
Read more on this [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-publishing/google-play/).
{{</markdown>}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab header="App Store" %}}

If you’re using the automatic iOS code signing method, then each client’s environment group already has their App Store Connect account credentials, and they’ll be used to publish the app to this account.

{{< highlight yaml "style=paraiso-dark">}}
publishing:      
  app_store_connect:
    api_key: $APP_STORE_CONNECT_PRIVATE_KEY
    key_id: $APP_STORE_CONNECT_KEY_IDENTIFIER
    issuer_id: $APP_STORE_CONNECT_ISSUER_ID
{{< /highlight >}}
{{<markdown>}}
Read more on this [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-publishing/app-store-connect/).
{{</markdown>}}
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabpane >}}

<br>
{{<notebox>}}

⚠️ When it comes to dealing with stores, due to shortage in provided APIs you need to manually create and upload the 1st version of each app, then Codemagic can take care of the rest.
{{</notebox>}}

> ### Conclusion

Author: Maybe "Full version"?

        }' \
       https://api.codemagic.io/builds
{{< /highlight >}}

In the following example, to trigger builds for clients `001`, `002` and `003` a simple array is first defined and then a for loop is used to initiate a build for each element in the array. The unique `CLIENT_ID` variable is provided in the payload for the three builds that are started when this command is run.

{{< highlight yaml "style=paraiso-dark">}}
- name: Trigger multiple client builds
  script: | 
      CLIENTS=("001" "002" "003")
      for CLIENT in ${CLIENTS[@]}; do
          echo "CLIENT: $CLIENT"  
          curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "x-auth-token: ${CM_API_KEY}" \
              --data '{
                  "appId": "<app-id>", 
                  "workflowId": "<workflow-id>",
                  "branch": "<branch-name>",
                  "environment": { 
                      "variables": { 
                          "CLIENT_ID": "'${CLIENT}'"
                      },
                      "groups": [
                          "WL_${CLIENT}"
                      ]                      
                  }
              }' \
          https://api.codemagic.io/builds
      done

> {{< /highlight >}}

Reviewer: There's no mention of how to include this in the workflow so if you merge from one branch to another it will trigger all the builds. It sounds like you can only start the builds by manually running this script yourself.

title: White label apps
aliases:
  - /getting-started/white-label-apps
  - /knowledge-git/white-label-apps
  - /knowledge-white-label/white-label-scripts
weight: 15  
---

These are the steps you need to get started white labeling your application using Codemagic.

1. [Create a Codemagic app linked with the base code](#create-a-codemagic-app-linked-with-the-base-code)
2. [Storing client’s assets somewhere Codemagic can access](#storing-clients-assets)
3. [Create a unique environment variable group for each client (via UI or API)](#create-a-new-unique-environment-variables-group-for-each-client-via-ui-or-api)
4. [Setup your `codemagic.yaml` workflows to dynamically build for all clients](#setup-your-codemagicyaml-workflows-to-dynamically-build-for-all-clients)
5. [Start new builds via API, passing the client Id, and the environment variable group name](#start-new-builds-via-api)

## 1. Create a Codemagic app linked with the base code
You don’t have to create a Codemagic application for each client you want to white-label for, only one application linked with your base code is required.

{{< include "/partials/quickstart/add-app-to-codemagic.md" >}}

## 2. Storing client assets

> While you have only one dynamic workflow, you need to give each client a unique identifer so Codemagic knows who are you building for.
> 
> Each client should have a folder containing all unique assets needed for rebranding and uses a unique identifier in the file name for each client, e.g. `assets_001.zip` for client `001`.
> 
> {{<notebox>}}
> 💡 The zip archive typically contains these folders:
> 
> - **`android_assets/`**. This folder contains the Android icons from `/android/app/src/main/res/`.
> - **`ios_assets/`**. This folder contains the iOS icons from `/ios/Runner/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/`.
> 
> Other assets such as fonts, images, etc. can also be added to this zip archive. 
> 
> Avoid adding any sensitive files such as certificates, profiles, key stores, or other sensitive data in this archive.
> 
> {{</notebox>}}
> 
> All archive files for all clients need to be stored somewhere Codemagic can access during the build e.g.(S3/GCP bucket, or headless CMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of adding each customer's assets to the base app repository, you should store the assets required for rebranding the app somewhere accessible by Codemagic. This could be an encrypted S3 or GCP storage bucket or a headless CMS. Each customer should be assigned a unique identifier which can be passed to the white-label workflow when the build is started.

You should create a zip archive for each client that uses their unique identifier in the file name, e.g. `assets_001.zip` for client `001`. When a build is started for a specific customer's app, this unique identifier will be sent in the API request payload and the correct asset archive will be downloaded and used to rebrand the app. 

{{<notebox>}}
💡 The zip archive typically contains these folders:

- **`android_assets/`**. This folder contains the Android icons from `/android/app/src/main/res/`.
- **`ios_assets/`**. This folder contains the iOS icons from `/ios/Runner/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/`.

Other assets such as fonts, images, etc. can also be added to this zip archive. 

Avoid adding any sensitive files such as certificates, profiles, key stores, or other sensitive data in this archive.

{{</notebox>}}
```
